ReadMe Review (#519)
Particular/NServiceBus.Metrics: README.md

# NServiceBus.Metrics

> NServiceBus.Metrics hooks into the NServiceBus pipeline and calculates Processing Time. This metric will be periodically sent to the Metrics Processing Component via a configured NServiceBus transport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NServiceBus.Metrics provides a convenient way of gathering metrics like processing time or critical time. It hooks into the NServiceBus pipeline and calculates Processing Time. These metrics are then periodically sent to the Metrics Processing Component via a configured NServiceBus transport.
```
